Ah ah ah ah coming
Insurance coverage
Hello everyone Welcome to kbs morning news on Friday 6th February
We have
K Korean pop star is born Would not go to India would find an uproar
Well, maybe I'm out of the blue, but the tone meter gives me the answer.
Let's take a good one Jochiwon 4
Yes Yes Large
Oh, come now coming to the front chigoseo can view the Quan attention
I'm here with the important Missoni.
Sick
Number of channels is two.
The skin was very difficult.
* Angido not deliver the money, yet youthful UK
Sign up for
You're hiding.
Yes, today is the man who reads the news.
Let's take a look at figures
Oo
For example, five hundred fifty-five boyija from five up to ah revelation rooms including Bollywood
India in the cultural industry and development, but k pop is almost as bad as it is
I am.
kbs sent a special planning team Yes
So I think you should come out on your face.
There were 5 cones .
4 I am planning to present Korea and look at Mumbai for a group of days
Gateway of India does
4 seconds Super Junior Opportunity An Cha Izumi the Xo Xiao Jing Jong
It's an infinite castle.
Ah
Ah ah ah ah ah
o Yes
The house is the largest in India where colorful colors of the fishermen and the dynamic party live .
The commercial city is Moon Bar
Ah me over to meet people who know that 10k good lead for the presence
Fortunately idol on their way, but what are people everywhere
Oh our diamond
Even in front of a large recreation in the city center k pop 11 found
There is not
Oh , yes, I do not know.
Every year, Choi Jung-gyu Jid Do Dae 2nd Parish Sale
Yirang English kids doing community of the Empress
It's about the moment.
Please push the east well
What
What is Indian cooking language?
The most influential filmmaker in India, Sassy Recipe
Yes, President Lee Yong- woil is dependent on India and local strategy.
I assert 3 4 5
What do you live for today
It can smell
An open generation with an average age of 27 outside the young Indian continent
I do not think KPOP's penetration into India is as dark as it is.
It was the opinion of kbs news super junior from Mumbai
4 ah
Yes, here it is.
I regretted the football
Ah
Oh or Oha
Page 2 ah ah
First of all,
Another thing called skill
It's good
Oh yeah of the miraculous television
First came the delicious hidden onge
Take care of your appearance and design as 2
For the time being,
We live for only three hours like this.
Oh so good pool cameroon
That
Another gang of intriguing gangsters is in here.
roughness
Yeah, well, the press is all about Rockhammer .
He did say the Memorial Van Gogh'm really fine technical fine deflection such
Is an asset
I hope that my theater of the hypothesis will listen hard
I greet here and in the
I did not hear it when I got there.
I would like to say something.
The design was also very good.
I need to tell you .
Geojiyo 27 years old with an average age of 27 with the handsome